ladies and gentlemen well earlier today
Paul Bearer and Kane went to a medical
facility just outside Nashville as you
know Paul beare has promised that
tonight he will prove without a shadow
of a doubt that he is indeed the father
of Kane
apparently Paul beare will use
complicated DNA testing to prove that he
is indeed Kane's father we hope to have
that answer tonight on the war zone as
we sent earlier today Paul beare and
Kane went to a medical facility near
Nashville here to undergo King what we
understand as they complicated DNA
testing and expensive to prove once and
for all without a shadow of a doubt that
Paul beare is indeed fingers well I want
to tell you this if Paul Bearer says he
is that just broof enough for me but
look at this all right blood and look at
how brave Paul is oh what a baby
thank you sir show the world
the night
that were conducted earlier today
if indeed all there is the father of
pain
what let me go oh man the answer to the
question
for weeks the question of whether or not
Paul Bearer is indeed the biological
father of King earlier today wolf Kane
and Paul Bearer had blood given to have
DNA testing done here with me at this
time dr. Chuck woolsley doctor I know
that you have gotten the analysis you've
gotten the information back the question
on everybody's mind is Paul Bearer the
biological father of Cain Kevin I'll
tell you I could honestly tell you be
honest that over them without any
uncertainty after exhausting all of our
analytical methods in determining
fatherhood Paul Bearer is the biological
father of Cain
game behind you come over here
the proud papa
miles they are call them kids are just
jiggling like jello Iza he's
daddy Bobby
you can't argue with that jr. this is
legit that's DNA baby you don't get any
stronger proof the net
I am not seeing the Undertaker all day
can you imagine how
he is going to be Albany here's his
information
well he's about to hear
can't wait for Father's Day coming up
dude you know I know
Paul Berra I know you've got to be
pleased with the public proclamation in
the news
you want to take that I was a father
okay and the proof is in the pudding now
there's something that you need to
understand Undertaker something that
Kane has accepted a long time ago
do remember wasn't nothing but a damn
plea before oh my god
that's the Undertaker dinner technique a
Theater tiger
yes
mother Tegra right
helped us break it loose
the bullet pounder
they king
ladies - are we gonna have that street
fight will it be next